this folder contains code solutions for 12 practical questions in the SPPU Syllabus.

the solutions cover the following practicals:
1. In second year computer engineering class, group A student’s play cricket, group B students play badminton and group C students play football. Write a Python program using functions to compute following: - a) List of students who play both cricket and badminton b) List of students who play either cricket or badminton but not both c) Number of students who play neither cricket nor badminton d) Number of students who play cricket and football but not badminton. (Note- While realizing the group, duplicate entries should be avoided, Do not use SET builtin functions)
2. Write a Python program to compute following operations on String: a) To display word with the longest length b) To determines the frequency of occurrence of particular character in the string c) To check whether given string is palindrome or not d) To display index of first appearance of the substring e) To count the occurrences of each word in a given string
3. Write a Python program to compute following computation on matrix: a) Addition of two matrices B) Subtraction of two matrices c) Multiplication of two matrices d) Transpose of a matrix
4. a) Write a Python program to store roll numbers of student in array who attended training program in random order. Write function for searching whether particular sudent attended training program or not, using Linear search and Sentinel search. b) Write a Python program to store roll numbers of student array who attended training program in sorted order. Write function for searching whether particular student attended training program or not, using Binary search and Fibonacci search
5. Write a Python program to store first year percentage of students in array. Write function for sorting array of floating point numbers in ascending order using a) Selection Sort b) Bubble sort and display top five scores.
6. Write a Python program to store first year percentage of students in array. Write function for sorting array of floating point numbers in ascending order using quick sort and display top five scores.
7. Department of Computer Engineering has student's club named 'Pinnacle Club'. Students of second, third and final year of department can be granted membership on request. Similarly one may cancel the membership of club. First node is reserved for president of club and last node is reserved for secretary of club. Write C++ program to maintain club member‘s information using singly linked list. Store student PRN and Name. Write functions to: a) Add and delete the members as well as president or even secretary. b) Compute total number of members of club c) Display members d) Two linked lists exists for two divisions. Concatenate two lists
8. Write C++ program for storing binary number using doubly linked lists. Write functionsa) To compute 1‘s and 2‘s complement b) Add two binary numbers
9. Write C++ program with functionsa) To print original string followed by reversed string using stack b) To check whether given string is palindrome or not
10. Implement C++ program for expression conversion as infix to postfix and its evaluation using stack based on given conditions: 1. Operands and operator, both must be single character. 2. Input Postfix expression must be in a desired format. 3. Only '+', '-', '*' and '/ ' operators are expected.
11. Write C++ program for simulating job queue. Write functions to add job and delete job from queue.
12. Pizza parlor accepting maximum M orders. Orders are served in first come first served basis. Order once placed cannot be cancelled. Write C++ program to simulate the system using circular queue using array.
